As usual, I study deeply English and maths. My mathematics teacher moved to Germany for a year. That is why I have another teacher at the moment. But I like him as well.
I am doing well at English. I have been watching films in English every day for two months already. At the moment I am watching films with subtitles, but hopefully, soon I will be able to understand everything without them.
I think, this is a very good way to enlarge one’s vocabulary.
I have recently been playing volleyball in the park? You know, I like this kind of sports. I have met a really nice girl there. Her name is Lena. Next time I am going to invite her to the cinema. It looks like I go to the park to see her rather than play volleyball )))
My brother has started to work in an interior design studio? He enjoys it a lot more than his previous job. My parents are planning to buy a new flat. This one is too small now.
Valera, Andrey and I often think about you.
It is a pity that you had to go. It was so much fun when you were here. It is Andrey’s birthday soon.
It is sad that we will have to celebrate it without you. I hope you will be able to come and visit us when it is my birthday.
Cinema plays an important role in the life of any society. It is an'available popular form of art. Lots of people find going to the cinema one of the best ways of spending their leisure time. The movie audience is predominantly a young one.
Due to numerous video facilities, cinema attendances have declined sharply. But there is no denying the fact that the cinema-going habit is still a strong one.
No matter how large the place you live in is (whether it's a big city or a small provincial town, or even a settlement) there's most likely to be a cinema there.
There are such genres of feature films as the western, the thriller, the musical, the drama and the comedy. The performance lasts from two or three hours and most cinemas have at least 4 performances a day. There is no doubt that a good cinema show is an excellent entertainment and quite cheap.
Of late cinema screens in this country have been dominated by films produced in the USA. And this tendency is growing.
As for me, I'm fond of going to the cinema. It's a pity, I don't always have time for it. It's an open secret that we live in a very difficult time now. But people do need something amusing and pleasant, something to laugh at. That's why I give my preference to comedies. 
The last comedy, I saw, is "Crocodile Dandy". The film tells about amusing adventures of a young lovely woman - reporter and a strong and brave crocodile hunter. At first, their relations were not friendly. She even looked down on him and he in return neglected her. 
But after he rescued her out of some difficult situations, their relations became more friendly. A happy end is an essential feature of American films. The same is true of this comedy. The main characters fall in love with each other in the end of the film.

